Firstly log in to gen wizard and click on the get started button.
Make sure your workspace and project set up are done.
Then click on the project you've created or create a new one.
Next on the left pane select the fit to standard hierarchy
option under discover and envision in the total enterprise reinvention section
in the chatbot, text area. Click on the send button against the prefilled prompt.
Please recommend fit to standard implementation method for business processes.
Select one of the methods
use the last published hierarchy,
select a previously published hierarchy,
upload a new hierarchy.
Clicking on the first option use the last published hierarchy
will trigger fit to standard for the last published hierarchy.
Clicking on the second option, select a previously published hierarchy.
We'll let you select from a list of previously published hierarchies.
Upon selection, it will trigger fit to standard for that hierarchy.
Clicking on the third option, upload a new hierarchy.
We'll let you upload a new hierarchy up to OL four.
After successful upload, it will trigger fit to standard for that hierarchy.
After fit a standard is completed via any of the three methods.
Click on the item on the list to view the results.
Click the download button on the actions column in the
list to download a local copy of the fit to standard
experience,
the ability to jump start the fit to standard
mapping for a client's process by using gen wizard.